ch8/trained_models/README.md, before:

#### Trained agent "brains"/models for some environments

Trained agent "brains" are provided here in case you want to quickly swap a new born
agent's brain with these and get him/her up-to speed instantly or in case you want to
see how well the agents perform at these tasks.

To simply test out these models, you run the script like below:

   - Testing the brain model for the `Pendulum-v0` environment using
   the [a2c_agent](../a2c_agent.py)
  
     `(rl_gym_book) praveen@ubuntu:~/HOIAWOG/ch8$ python a2c_agent.py --test --render
--env Pendulum-v0`
   - Testing the brain model for the `BipedalWalker-v2` environment using
   the [async_a2c_agent](../async_a2c_agent.py)
    
     `(rl_gym_book) praveen@ubuntu:~/HOIAWOG/ch8$ python async_a2c_agent.py --test
     --render --env BipedalWalker-v2`
     
   - Likewise for other trained agent brains

Few points regarding the trained agent "brains":

- These are PyTorch models (`.ptm` was chosen to signify that)
- The prefix name signifies the agent algorithm from this chapter (ch8) that was used
to generate the particular model. 
    - Files starting with `Async-A2C` signify that those brains/models were generated
    by the [async_a2c_agent](../async_a2c_agent.py) script.
    - Files starting with `Batched-A2C` signify that those brains/models were generated
    by the [batched_a2c_agent](../batched_a2c_agent.py)
    - Files starting with `A2C` signify that those brains/models were generated by
    the [a2c_agent](../a2c_agent.py)
- The brains/models are compatible with any of the 3 agent algorithms discussed in this
chapter as they all use the same Actor and Critic network architectures.

Commit message:

Updated README with example of using trained A2C agent model for Carla -v0 environment

ch8/trained_models/README.md, after:

#### Trained agent "brains"/models for some environments

Trained agent "brains" are provided here in case you want to quickly swap a new born
agent's brain with these and get him/her up-to speed instantly or in case you want to
see how well the agents perform at these tasks.

To simply test out these models, you run the script like below:

   - Testing the brain model for the `Pendulum-v0` environment using
   the [a2c_agent](../a2c_agent.py)
  
     `(rl_gym_book) praveen@ubuntu:~/HOIAWOG/ch8$ python a2c_agent.py --test --render
--env Pendulum-v0`
   - Testing the brain model for the `BipedalWalker-v2` environment using
   the [async_a2c_agent](../async_a2c_agent.py)
    
     `(rl_gym_book) praveen@ubuntu:~/HOIAWOG/ch8$ python async_a2c_agent.py --test
     --render --env BipedalWalker-v2`
     
   - Testing the brain model for the `Carla-v0` environment using
   the [a2c_agent](../a2c_agent.py)

     `(rl_gym_book) praveen@ubuntu:~/HOIAWOG/ch8$ python a2c_agent.py --test
      --env Carla-v0`

   - Likewise for other trained agent brains

Few points regarding the trained agent "brains":

- These are PyTorch models (`.ptm` was chosen to signify that)
- The prefix name signifies the agent algorithm from this chapter (ch8) that was used
to generate the particular model. 
    - Files starting with `Async-A2C` signify that those brains/models were generated
    by the [async_a2c_agent](../async_a2c_agent.py) script.
    - Files starting with `Batched-A2C` signify that those brains/models were generated
    by the [batched_a2c_agent](../batched_a2c_agent.py)
    - Files starting with `A2C` signify that those brains/models were generated by
    the [a2c_agent](../a2c_agent.py)
- The brains/models are compatible with any of the 3 agent algorithms discussed in this
chapter as they all use the same Actor and Critic network architectures.
